#EXTM3U x-tvg-url="http://47.88.49.203/lynx/visionplus/guide.xml.gz"

# National TV

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RCTI.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/RCTI.id.png" group-title="National TV",RCTI
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="GTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/GTV.id.png" group-title="National TV",GTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MNCTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/MNCTV.id.png" group-title="National TV",MNC TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="INews.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/INews.id.png" group-title="National TV",INews
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ANTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/ANTV.id.png" group-title="National TV",ANTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TransTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/TransTV.id.png" group-title="National TV",Trans TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV-2/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Trans7.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/Trans7.id.png" group-title="National TV",Trans 7
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7-2/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="tvOne.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/tvOne.id.png" group-title="National TV",TVOne
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MetroTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/MetroTV.id.png" group-title="National TV",Metro TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Metro-TV2/sa_dash_vmx/Metro-TV2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RajawaliTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/RajawaliTV.id.png" group-title="National TV",RTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KompasTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/KompasTV.id.png" group-title="National TV",Kompas TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TVRINasional.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/TVRINasional.id.png" group-title="National TV",TVRI Nasional
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JakTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/JakTV.id.png" group-title="National TV",Jak TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/JTV.id.png" group-title="National TV",JTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JTV/sa_dash_vmx/JTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BaliTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/BaliTV.id.png" group-title="National TV",Bali TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BaliTV/sa_dash_vmx/BaliTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DAAITV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/DAAITV.id.png" group-title="National TV",DAAI TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BandungTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/BandungTV.id.png" group-title="National TV",Bandung TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NET.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/NET.id.png" group-title="National TV",NET
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd

# Entertainment

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ArirangWorld.kr" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/ArirangWorld.kr.png" group-title="Entertainment",Arirang
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FMN.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/FMN.id.png" group-title="Entertainment",FMN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MusicTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/MusicTV.id.png" group-title="Entertainment",Music TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ie.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/Ie.id.png" group-title="Entertainment",Ie
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="VisionPrime.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/VisionPrime.id.png" group-title="Entertainment",Vision Prime
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Entertainment.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/Entertainment.id.png" group-title="Entertainment",Ent
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="OKTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/OKTV.id.png" group-title="Entertainment",OK TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AXNIndonesia.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/AXNIndonesia.id.png" group-title="Entertainment",AXN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AnimaxAsia.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/AnimaxAsia.sg.png" group-title="Entertainment",Animax
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KIX.hk" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/KIX.hk.png" group-title="Entertainment",Kix
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="WarnerTVAsia.us" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/WarnerTVAsia.us.png" group-title="Entertainment",Warner TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="tvNAsia.hk" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/tvNAsia.hk.png" group-title="Entertainment",tvN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="OneTVAsia.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/OneTVAsia.sg.png" group-title="Entertainment",One
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="LifetimeAsia.us" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/LifetimeAsia.us.png" group-title="Entertainment",Lifetime
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HITS.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/HITS.sg.png" group-title="Entertainment",Hits
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV5MondeAsia.fr" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/TV5MondeAsia.fr.png" group-title="Entertainment",TV5Monde
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV5/sa_dash_vmx/TV5.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="JiangsuTV.cn" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/JiangsuTV.cn.png" group-title="Entertainment",Jiangsu TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JiangsuTV/sa_dash_vmx/JiangsuTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HunanTV.cn" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/HunanTV.cn.png" group-title="Entertainment",Hunan TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HunanTV/sa_dash_vmx/HunanTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ShanghaiDragonTV.cn" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/ShanghaiDragonTV.cn.png" group-title="Entertainment",Shanghai Dragon TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ShanghaiDragonTV/sa_dash_vmx/ShanghaiDragonTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="XingKongTV.cn" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/XingKongTV.cn.png" group-title="Entertainment",Xing Kong TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/XingKongTV/sa_dash_vmx/XingKongTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AnhuiTV.cn" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/AnhuiTV.cn.png" group-title="Entertainment",Anhui TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnhuiTV/sa_dash_vmx/AnhuiTV.mpd

# Kids

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MiaoMi.hk" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/MiaoMi.hk.png" group-title="Kids",Miao Mi
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MiaoMi/sa_dash_vmx/MiaoMi.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BabyTV.uk" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/BabyTV.uk.png" group-title="Kids",Baby TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BabyTV-NewHD/sa_dash_vmx/BabyTV-NewHD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KidsTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/KidsTV.id.png" group-title="Kids",Kids TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NickJrAsia.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/NickJrAsia.sg.png" group-title="Kids",Nick Jr Asia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BoomerangSoutheastAsia.us" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/BoomerangSoutheastAsia.us.png" group-title="Kids",Boomerang
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CBeebiesAsia.uk" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/CBeebiesAsia.uk.png" group-title="Kids",CBeebies Asia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CartoonNetworkAsia.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/CartoonNetworkAsia.sg.png" group-title="Kids",Cartoon
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CartoonNetwork/sa_dash_vmx/CartoonNetwork.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NickelodeonAsia.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/NickelodeonAsia.sg.png" group-title="Kids",Nickelodeon
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd

# Movies

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOAsia.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/HBOAsia.sg.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Asia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/hbo-2/sa_dash_vmx/hbo-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOFamilyAsia.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/HBOFamilyAsia.sg.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Family Asia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOHitsAsia.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/HBOHitsAsia.sg.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Hits Asia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HBOSignatureAsia.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/HBOSignatureAsia.sg.png" group-title="Movies",HBO Signature Asia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CinemaxAsia.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/CinemaxAsia.sg.png" group-title="Movies",Cinemax
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaxHD2/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaxHD2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Galaxy.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/Galaxy.id.png" group-title="Movies",Galaxy
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Galaxy-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Galaxy-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="GalaxyPremium.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/GalaxyPremium.id.png" group-title="Movies",Galaxy Premium
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GalaxyPremium-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GalaxyPremium-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IMC.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/IMC.id.png" group-title="Movies",IMC
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD/sa_dash_vmx/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CinemaWorld.my" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/CinemaWorld.my.png" group-title="Movies",Cinema World
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Thrill.hk" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/Thrill.hk.png" group-title="Movies",Thrill
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CelestialMoviesIndonesia.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/CelestialMoviesIndonesia.id.png" group-title="Movies",Celestial Movies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CCM.hk" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/CCM.hk.png" group-title="Movies",Celestial Classic Movies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ZeeBioskop.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/ZeeBioskop.id.png" group-title="Movies",Zee Bioskop
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="tvNMoviesAsia.hk" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/tvNMoviesAsia.hk.png" group-title="Movies",tvN Movies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HITSMovies.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/HITSMovies.sg.png" group-title="Movies",Hits Movies
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd

# News

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="ABCAustralia.au" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/ABCAustralia.au.png" group-title="News",ABC Australia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NHKWorldPremium.jp" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/NHKWorldPremium.jp.png" group-title="News",NHK World Premium
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BBCWorldNewsAsiaPacific.uk" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/BBCWorldNewsAsiaPacific.uk.png" group-title="News",BBC World News
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CNNInternationalAsiaPacific.hk" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/CNNInternationalAsiaPacific.hk.png" group-title="News",CNN International
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FoxNewsChannel.us" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/FoxNewsChannel.us.png" group-title="News",Fox News Channel
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CNBCAsia.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/CNBCAsia.sg.png" group-title="News",CNBC
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BloombergTVAsia.hk" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/BloombergTVAsia.hk.png" group-title="News",Bloomberg TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Euronews.fr" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/Euronews.fr.png" group-title="News",Euro News
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MetroTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/MetroTV.id.png" group-title="News",Metro TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Metro-TV2/sa_dash_vmx/Metro-TV2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="KompasTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/KompasTV.id.png" group-title="News",Kompas TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="tvOne.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/tvOne.id.png" group-title="News",TVOne
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BeritaSatu.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/BeritaSatu.id.png" group-title="News",BTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MNCNews.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/MNCNews.id.png" group-title="News",MNC News
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCnews-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCnews-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="IDXChannel.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/IDXChannel.id.png" group-title="News",IDX Channel
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SEAToday.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/SEAToday.id.png" group-title="News",SEA Today
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SEA-Channel/sa_dash_vmx/SEA-Channel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CNAInternational.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/CNAInternational.sg.png" group-title="News",CNA
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AlJazeeraEnglish.qa" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/AlJazeeraEnglish.qa.png" group-title="News",Aljazeera
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="RT.ru" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/RT.ru.png" group-title="News",Russia Today
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="France24English.fr" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/France24English.fr.png" group-title="News",France 24
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DWEnglish.de" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/DWEnglish.de.png" group-title="News",DW English
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TRTWorld.tr" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/TRTWorld.tr.png" group-title="News",TRT World
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CGTN.cn" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/CGTN.cn.png" group-title="News",CGTN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd

# Sports

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="FightSports.us" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/FightSports.us.png" group-title="Sports",Fight Sports
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SPOTV.kr" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/SPOTV.kr.png" group-title="Sports",SPOTV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SPOTV2.kr" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/SPOTV2.kr.png" group-title="Sports",SPOTV 2
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MNCSports.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/MNCSports.id.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MNCSports2.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/MNCSports2.id.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports 2
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCSports2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCSports2-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MNCSports3.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/MNCSports3.id.png" group-title="Sports",MNC Sports 3
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Soccer-2/sa_dash_vmx/Soccer-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="SoccerChannel.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/SoccerChannel.id.png" group-title="Sports",Soccer Channel
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/soccerchannel-HD/sa_dash_vmx/soccerchannel-HD.mpd

# Music

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MusicTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/MusicTV.id.png" group-title="Music",Music TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd

# Religion

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="MuslimTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/MuslimTV.id.png" group-title="Religion",Muslim TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Life.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/Life.id.png" group-title="Religion",Life
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Life/sa_dash_vmx/Life.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="QuranTV.sa" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/QuranTV.sa.png" group-title="Religion",Quran TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="EWTN.us" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/EWTN.us.png" group-title="Religion",EWTN
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/EWTN/sa_dash_vmx/EWTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TV9.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/TV9.id.png" group-title="Religion",TV9
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV9/sa_dash_vmx/TV9.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Reformed21.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/Reformed21.id.png" group-title="Religion",Reformed21
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Reformed21/sa_dash_vmx/Reformed21.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="tvMu.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/tvMu.id.png" group-title="Religion",tvMu
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVMuhammadiyah/sa_dash_vmx/TVMuhammadiyah.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TawafTV.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/TawafTV.id.png" group-title="Religion",Tawaf TV
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TawafTV/sa_dash_vmx/TawafTV.mpd

# Knowledge

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NationalGeographicIndonesia.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/NationalGeographicIndonesia.id.png" group-title="Knowledge",National Geographic
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NationalGeographicWildIndonesia.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/NationalGeographicWildIndonesia.id.png" group-title="Knowledge",National Geographic Wild
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DWEnglish.de" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/DWEnglish.de.png" group-title="Knowledge",DW English
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Besmart.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/Besmart.id.png" group-title="Knowledge",Besmart
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="NHKWorldJapan.jp" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/NHKWorldJapan.jp.png" group-title="Knowledge",NHK World Japan
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="BBCEarthAsia.uk" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/BBCEarthAsia.uk.png" group-title="Knowledge",BBC Earth
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="DiscoveryChannelIndonesia.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/DiscoveryChannelIndonesia.id.png" group-title="Knowledge",Discovery Channel
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AnimalPlanetSoutheastAsia.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/AnimalPlanetSoutheastAsia.sg.png" group-title="Knowledge",Animal Planet
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HistoryAsia.us" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/HistoryAsia.us.png" group-title="Knowledge",History
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CrimePlusInvestigationAsia.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/CrimePlusInvestigationAsia.sg.png" group-title="Knowledge",Crime + Investigation
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="CGTNDocumentary.cn" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/CGTNDocumentary.cn.png" group-title="Knowledge",CGTN Documentary
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd

# Lifestyle

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="LifestyleFashion.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/LifestyleFashion.id.png" group-title="Lifestyle",Lifestyle & Fashion
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/LifeStyleFashion/sa_dash_vmx/LifeStyleFashion.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="Ie.id" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/Ie.id.png" group-title="Lifestyle",Ie
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="AsianFoodNetwork.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/AsianFoodNetwork.sg.png" group-title="Lifestyle",Asian Food Network
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AFN-HD/sa_dash_vmx/AFN-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="HGTVAsia.us" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/HGTVAsia.us.png" group-title="Lifestyle",HGTV Asia
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha 
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NjcwYWI2ZGEtYzE4Yi0zZWFlLTljOWYtZGEzOGIwYWFjN2I1
#EXTINF:-1 tvg-id="TLCSoutheastAsia.sg" tvg-logo="https://leakssh.rocks/logo/TLCSoutheastAsia.sg.png" group-title="Lifestyle",TLC
https://av-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd
